Add workflow documentation (#2)
ChauffeurPrive/nestor-api: docs/workflow.md

# Nestor workflow

## Context

Nestor workflow is used to manage the progression of a commit through your release process, from the development environment to the production release of an application.  
It is composed of multiple steps, each step following the previous one.

## Setup

> Nestor workflow is defined in [nestor configuration](TODO Link to doc), using a list, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nestor workflow's steps are defined in [nestor configuration](TODO Link to doc), using a list, for example:
```
